Minor text update on squads page (#1971)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/community/squads.md

## Where to find active squads?
See the active squads on the [CHT roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/medic/projects/112/views/24) and subscribe to the [CHT calendar](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/community/events/) to stay up to date with all the CHT events, including the regular squad meetings.

> ## How Do Squads Form and How Can I Join?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do squads form?
```

Reviewer: It feels like this test is more about forming a squad than joining one.

> The journey to forming or joining a squad starts with an idea and a conversation on the same. Here’s how it typically works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The journey to forming a squad begins with a community need and a conversation about it. Here’s how it typically works:
```

1. **Topic is Posted** on the [forum](https://forum.communityhealthtoolkit.org/c/product/squads/34): A community member or organization posts a topic on the CHT Forum. This could be either:
   -  A formal proposal to form a squad around a specific goal or topic/feature.

>    -  Simply a topic of interest that sparks discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The way we worked so far was to intentionally post a message about squad creation. Let's keep the process consistent with that.

1. **Express Interest**: Other community members and organizations read the post and engage with it. If you are interested in the topic, you should reply to the forum post to express your interest, share your ideas, and indicate your potential availability.

> 1. **Squad Formation:** If there is enough collective interest and commitment, the normal squad formation process begins. This involves defining the squad’s objective, goals, and timeline. The original proposer often becomes the initial facilitator. From there, interested parties officially become squad members and begin the collaborative work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Squad Formation:** If there is enough collective interest and commitment, the squad formation process begins. This involves defining the squad’s objective, goals, and timeline. The original proposer often becomes the initial facilitator. From there, interested parties officially become squad members and begin the collaborative work.
```
